Sentence 1: Although shot in the chest, he manages to disrobe and surround himself with cryptographic clues - written in blood AND invisible ink (!) - to the reason for his death.
Sentence 2: The smell of incense or centuries of candle wax?
Sentence 3: Unfortunately, isolated examples can't create the mind-numbing effect of page after page of this tedious bloviating.
Sentence 4: Noah Calhoun is a wonderfully romantic poet who is now in his 90s and living in a creekside nursing home in New Bern, North Carolina.
Sentence 5: That's the whole plot of this novel: Assorted scenes of the wedding vow-renewal ceremony being planned; repetitive scenes of events that took place in "Notebook"; 90-year-old Noah talking to swans out by the creek of the Creekside Extended Living Center (nursing home)----blah
Sentence 6: And, this is what I, as an avid romance reader, expect from my romances: an author so creative that he/she advances, and goes beyond the genre, such that I don't even realize that it is, in fact, romance I am reading.  
Sentence 7: When I stopped reading my husband laughed and said "That is the most boring book I have ever heard".
Sentence 8: Luke Chandler lives on a cotton farm in Arkansas with his Mom, Dad, Grandma, and Grandpa in an unpainted house.
Sentence 9: I guess that is my major issue with this book.
Sentence 10: I will apologize in advance if I make any errors in this review, as the book was a library loan that I have since returned.
Sentence 11: Living with his mother and father on his grandparentsí farm, young Luke shares the annual routines related to the cotton harvest.
Sentence 12: Publishing a novel is a brilliant thing, and something I dream of doing one day.
Sentence 13: Mr. Grisham does capture the essence of a hot, sweltering life picking cotton, and the slow easy living in the 50's in a small southern town.
Sentence 14: There's no feeling of being real about these people; Except, of course, for the female interest that shows up in the person of Tally, a seventeen year old beauty (a member of the Hill people's group).
Sentence 15: In fact, I read them just because I had them on the headboard of the bed.
Sentence 16: The cover of this book has beautiful colors.
Sentence 17: But chuckling was rare in this book.
Sentence 18: The bottom line is this: If you're used to John Grisham's court justice books, DON'T read this one.
Sentence 19: The setting of the story seemed interesting enough--a rural Arkansas farming town during the Korean War.
Sentence 20: The one redeeming quality was that it was very descriptive.
Sentence 21: To paraphrase Nike, "Just Skip It!"
Sentence 22: It is too predictable and political in a way.
Sentence 23: No, it is necessary to give up every financial benefit in order to cleanse your soul of the corruption incumbent upon money.
Sentence 24: Happy reading.
Sentence 25: The Pelican Brief, The Client, and to a lesser extent The Chamber, I was ready for the next from Grisham.
Sentence 26: It dragged on, and began to take on the character of a reformer's sermon.
Sentence 27: I'm not one who likes to put that much time into a book without a payoff, but in this case I decided to cut my losses.


Sentence 28: I have read all of Grisham's books and this was by far the most boring one!
Sentence 29: Grisham's books are normally mysterious, can't wait to finish it, a "who done it" style.
Sentence 30: I would definitely not recommend it to anybody.
Sentence 31: The novel evolves around Michael Brock, a workhaholic attorney and rising star at the prestigious law firm of Sweeney and Drake, whose life was forever changed when a homeless man took him and a couple other lawyers hostage at the office.
Sentence 32: Unlike many of his other novels, Grisham failed to create any suspense.
Sentence 33: If you are a Grisham fan, by all means read ìThe Street Lawyerî.
Sentence 34: I always used to be a loyal Grisham fan, but this book changed all that for me, and I fell I have no choice but to pan this book.
Sentence 35: The best thing that I can say about this is that it is informative . . .
Sentence 36: This work has non of Grisham's usual suspense and thrill which have always made his books a pleasure to read.
Sentence 37: While there, he tries to lay a guilt trip on the lawyers who all took home at least 6 figures last year, yet donated almost nothing to the poor.
Sentence 38: He become determined to make a difference.
Sentence 39: He decides to take on the world (not unlike in Rudy from the Rainmaker)
Sentence 40: Ah, if only good writers could stay at the top of their game forever...unfortunately, this isn't the case and it's always sad to see one of your favorite authors turn out a lackluster book that seemed to be written with a lack of regard for his readers' intelligence as well as hastily written and poorly edited.
Sentence 41: This is especially irritating in this book because The Mastermind is threatening his family throughout, yet he keeps leaving to pursue this case and leaves them alone with their 80-year-old grandmother and no other protection!
Sentence 42: Patterson seems to be going down the toilet and bringing his faithful fans along with him.
Sentence 43: Peter is the ONLY well-developed character in the book.
Sentence 44: He finds the dead body of a rat, and thatís basically his huge involvement in the book.
Sentence 45: Now, Iím not giving out names, but I will say that I have read advisor opinions that arenít worth cleaning the toilet with.
Sentence 46: It's clear that Shelley meant to play upon the parallels and contrasts between the creator and the creature in her novel. 
Sentence 47: This is the first time in my memory that I have read a classic piece of literature and found virtually nothing to commend it or repay my time and effort.
Sentence 48: Maybe the future will hold a book on Great Aunt Gert, which should be fun to read. 
Sentence 49: I knew the trip would be scenic but there would be times that I wanted to get away from it all and settle into a good novel.
Sentence 50: And goes from there into a suspensful plot and great writing techniques conjure up all kinds of a perfectly attuned story.
Sentence 51: Tell em the most avid John Grisham reader in the USA told you to come, and they will know what to get you:
Sentence 52: On the negative side, it was not as suspenseful and fast-paced as, say The Pelican Brief or The Firm or his other courtroom dramas- when I read them I could scarcely put the book down for fear that something was going to happen between the pages in my absence.
Sentence 53: The lawyer's name is Michael Brock, and he becomes the main character of the story.
Sentence 54: This book wasn't only another good John Grisham tale, but a touching story of a man who realized his life had been shallow and he wanted to make a difference.
Sentence 55: Janet Evanovichís series of books starring Stephanie Plum, an inept bounty hunter, was one of the most enjoyable books I’ve read in a while.
Sentence 56: Everywhere she goes, these men are following her.
Sentence 57: He shows up in the middle of the night to drop something off, having picked the lock so he wouldnít disturb her.
Sentence 58: Iím still not sure what the significance of the title is but I do know that all the Stephanie Plum novels have titles with numbers in them; the next book after Hot Six is Seven Up.
Sentence 59: Stephanie is feeling the frustration too, but you’re never quite sure if itís Morelli or Ranger she lusts after.
Sentence 60: The story was exceptionally well read by C.J. Critt, and her dramatic reading brought another dimension of enjoyment to this novel.
Sentence 61: To begin with, Stephanie is a bounty hunter.
Sentence 62: One of my favorite characters in this book is Stephanie's maternal grandmother.
Sentence 63: Move over Sue Grafton and make way for Janet Evanovich.
Sentence 64: Thanksgiving dinner, my older sister Colleen tells me the new James Patterson book featuring my beloved Dr. Detective Alex Cross came out Tuesday.
Sentence 65: When you first open the book, reading the Prologue, it grips you, right then, right there, so early on, you have no choice but to read, quickly, with anticipation, knowing in your heart that Alex has to be triumphant!, doesn't he?  
Sentence 66: If you have never read a Patterson book featuring Doctor Detective Alex Cross, but have seen one or both of the movies, "Kiss the Girls", and/or "Along Came a Spider",  Please, dismiss them.
Sentence 67: I’m a huge Stephen King fan, so when he came out with Eyes of The Dragon, I was ecstatic with happiness.
Sentence 68: It spent about 20 pages setting up the ending and then it took about three pages to pull it off and it was awfully unfinished and fast.
Sentence 69: Overall, his character development is good, but I didnít really get to know Flagg as much as I wanted to, so it sort of sucks because I sort of wanted to know his past, what his childhood was like.
Sentence 70: This is the best of two worlds.
Sentence 71: The evil magician works his spells through the weaker, younger brother.
Sentence 72: I would highly recommend this book to any fantasy lover, it fits the bill, surprising from someone who does horror so well.
Sentence 73: The eyes of the Dragon is a truly mesmerizing and fascinating story.
Sentence 74: Flagg has been in the kingdom for years; as long as anyone can remember.
Sentence 75: For the more avid King readers out there; check out the reference to this story in the Dark Tower series, Roland mentions some of the characters in this story that passed through his town when he was young.
Sentence 76: It is fantastic.
Sentence 77: Not unless I had to go to school or to bed.
Sentence 78: I think I said that but I just thought that you should know that it is fantastic.
Sentence 79: I've only recently started reading books he's written and confess that I'm already a huge fan.
Sentence 80: By the time she reaches the Inn Patient she's convinced herself that she couldn't have really seen a girl with wings.
Sentence 81: Unlike the last book I read by Patterson Cradle and All, I was actually able to put down When the Wind Blows so I could get some sleep.
Sentence 82: All of the children have the unique ability to fly but are discouraged from using this power.
Sentence 83: Max is one of the altered children.
Sentence 84: The ending is as it should be.
Sentence 85: Usually the books that hold my attention in that manner are those that can make me laugh - or truly think.
Sentence 86: Joe had me talking aloud, and scrunching my mouth from side to side whenever he was in danger, or about to make a stupid decision.
Sentence 87: It's one of those stories that you will not soon forget.
Sentence 88: The priest's musing was interrupted by a familiar noise from the other side of the partition--the sound of a curtain pushed aside, followed by the grunt of an old man sinking to his knees.
Sentence 89: There are a few holes in the plot (why doesnít the baddy just shoot the goody in stead of talking at him and then letting him escape?)
Sentence 90: I would not wish to give away anymore of the plot but regardless of your beliefs, convictions and persuasions, this is one book that will challenge them all.
Sentence 91: The economic realities of cotton farming primarily serve to highlight the social realities of cotton farming, which the novel addresses from its first sentence.
Sentence 92: It was on the east side of our home, the quiet side, away from the kitchen door and the barnyard and the chicken coop.
Sentence 93: When it happened, I knew my mother would disappear into her refuge.
Sentence 94: It seems the attorney-turned-publishing commodity has reached the point in his career where the annual publication of an automatically-bestselling legal thriller is, perhaps, getting a bit old-hat.
Sentence 95: On the other hand, if youíre thinking this is going to be just another annual Grisham event, you might be pleasantly surprised, kind of like how you felt that moment you saw your first nekkid girl.  
Sentence 96: All things considered, I think the author chose an appropriate place to end the book.